fix: use correct min and max channels (#224)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-dtm: Changelog.md

## 2.5.4 - Unreleased

### Fixed

> -   Channel range in sweep mode sets correct channels.

Reviewer: I guess the issue is the opposite to what is written here now?
So:
```suggestion
-   Issue with the channel range in the sweep mode not setting correct channels.
```

Reviewer: Rephrased suggestion. Please check.
